Clarify documentation, and make rgd_endpoint a CLI argument (#467)
ResonantGeoData/RD-WATCH: docs/DevDocs/IngestingData.md

### Ingesting Data

## RDWATCH_MODEL_RUN_API_KEY
Check the `./dev/.env.docker-compose` environment file or the `.env` file in the root of the repository for the presence of the `RDWATCH_MODEL_RUN_API_KEY` variable.
This is a special key used for services outside of the standard Django login to be able to push data into the system.
The key will be used in the scripts and in the headers for pushing data into the system. Copy the value from that file when running the below script against a local instance. When running against a production deployment, you'll need to acquire an API key for that instance and use that instead.

## Loading Ground Truth Data
Within the `scripts` directory is a python script named `loadGroundTruth.py`.  This file can be used in conjunction with the ground truth annotations located in the annotation Repo:
[Annotation Repo](https://smartgitlab.com/TE/annotations)
Running a command like:

```bash
python loadGroundTruth.py ~/AnnotationRepoLocation --rgd-api-key {RDWATCH_MODEL_RUN_API_KEY}
```

> will load all of the annotations for the ground truth while skipping the regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will load all of the annotations for the ground truth along with the regions.  using `--skip_regions` will skip loading the region geometry
```

My mistake, I think I modified the command from the source `.md` file and forgot to update the associated text.

## Loading Single Model Runs
Within the `scripts` directory is a python script named `loadModelRuns.py`. This can be used to load a folder filled with geojson data into the system by using a command like:

```bash
python loadModelRuns.py 'KR_0001' "./site_models/KR_R001_*.geojson" --title Test_Eval_12 --performer_shortcode 'KIT' --eval_num 12 --eval_run_num 0 --rgd-api-key {RDWATCH_MODEL_RUN_API_KEY}
```

By default, this command uploads to the RGD server hosted at `http://localhost:8000`, but that can be changed by passing an optional `--rgd-endpoint` argument to the command.
Be sure that the system is up and running before running the commands.

> The above command will load the data that match the provided glob exprssion and give it the title 'Test_Eval_12'. The `eval_num` and `eval_run_num` aren't required unless the scoring database is going to be connected to the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command will load the data that matches the provided glob expression and give it the title 'Test_Eval_12'. The `eval_num` and `eval_run_num` aren't required unless the scoring database is going to be connected to the system.
```

               --sequestered_id KR_R001 \
               --db_conn_str postgresql+psycopg2://scoring:secretkey@localhost:5433/scoring
```

> - the `rm_dir` and `sm_dir` shgould be your test annotaitons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `rm_dir` and `sm_dir` should be your test annotations.
```
I'm glad I'm not the only one who sometimes mistypes annotations
